Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to do pretty much completely as much like how we did in our last section
over here, where we were using the Rag data of the vector stores to retrieve, and we were verifying
if the Rag data that we have got is actually matching as expected by doing the evaluation with ragas.
And now we are going to go a level further with our agents testing.
So we are going to verify if our agent is working as expected.
And it is choosing the right tool.
And also it is executing the data as expected.
So we are going to verify everything over here.
So basically it's like a kind of an agent test as well.
Apart from the vector data that we have got over here.
So we're going to do two testing together this time.
And we'll see how we can able to achieve that.
So over here you can see that we're going to pass in the data as a prompt via Lang chain.
It goes to the model.
And over here we have got the tool bindings.
And once again the tool binding is going to be taken care by uh by the code that we have already written
in our earlier sections of the course.
We're going to use the exact same thing over here as well.
We're going to bind that the tools within our large language model.
And then we are going to be, uh, we're going to see how the agent, the AI agent, is going to pick
up the correct tools, and then it is going to choose our tool, which is nothing but this guy over
here.
So basically this is the one which is going to call the the agent is the one which is going to choose
which tool it needs to call just this one.
And it is going to execute the code for you over there.
Right.
This is the operation that we are going to do over here this time.
So this is going to be very, very small section compared to our last section, because we have discussed
a lot of details in our last section.
So this section is almost like a continuation of the earlier section.
So we'll see how we can test the AI agent as well, along with the existing vector stores that we have
created, uh, for storing the PDF files from the papers that we had used from the large language model
papers and testing the bias and stuff.
So we'll see how we can able to achieve that in this particular section.